README.md, before:

play-stylus
===========

[stylus] [1] asset handling for [Play 2.2] [2], implemented as an [sbt] [3]
plugin (very similar to Play's handling of CoffeeScript and LESS).

Prerequisites
-------------

The plugin assumes the availability of the `stylus` executable. With
node.js and npm installed, run

    npm install -g stylus

to install stylus globally, thereby installing not only the module, but
also the executable.

Installation
------------

In your Play application folder, add

    resolvers += "Patience Releases" at "http://repo.patience.io/"

    addSbtPlugin("patience" % "play-stylus" % "0.2.0")

to `project/plugins.sbt`.

The plugin automatically registers for compilation of `app/assets/**/*.styl`, that is all stylus files in your `app/assets` directory.

sbt settings
------------

  - `compile:resource-generators`: The stylus file watcher is being added here
  - `play-stylus-entry-points`: All files matching `app/assets/**/*.styl`, except files starting in an underscore
  - `play-stylus-options`: A sequence of strings passed to stylus as command-line flags

License
-------

Copyright (c) 2012 Johannes Emerich

MIT-style licensing, for details see file LICENSE.

[1]: http://learnboost.github.com/stylus/
[2]: http://www.playframework.org/
[3]: https://github.com/harrah/xsbt

Commit message:

Fixed overriden settings which clashed with non-play submodules

README.md, after:

play-stylus
===========

[stylus] [1] asset handling for [Play 2.2] [2], implemented as an [sbt] [3]
plugin (very similar to Play's handling of CoffeeScript and LESS).

Prerequisites
-------------

The plugin assumes the availability of the `stylus` executable. With
node.js and npm installed, run

    npm install -g stylus

to install stylus globally, thereby installing not only the module, but
also the executable.

Installation
------------

In your Play application folder, add

    resolvers += "Patience Releases" at "http://repo.patience.io/"

    addSbtPlugin("patience" % "play-stylus" % "0.2.0")

to `project/plugins.sbt`.

Then, in your build.sbt

    patience.assets.StylusPlugin.stylusSettings

The plugin registers for compilation of `app/assets/**/*.styl`, that is all stylus files in your `app/assets` directory.

sbt settings
------------

  - `compile:resource-generators`: The stylus file watcher is being added here
  - `play-stylus-entry-points`: All files matching `app/assets/**/*.styl`, except files starting in an underscore
  - `play-stylus-options`: A sequence of strings passed to stylus as command-line flags

License
-------

Copyright (c) 2012 Johannes Emerich

MIT-style licensing, for details see file LICENSE.

[1]: http://learnboost.github.com/stylus/
[2]: http://www.playframework.org/
[3]: https://github.com/harrah/xsbt
